# AnimalShelter
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  Making modular code is important to making sure the library you use is adaptable. This cuts down on the need to continually write the same functions repeatedly. This will also allow the code to be maintained more easier. Readability in code is crucial as your eyes will not be the only set of eyes that will look at your code. It needs to be well commented and formatted to industry standards with naming conventions and structure. 
  
 How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  When developing code, it is important to develop it to the desired results that need to be achieved. I would create a basic path to get there by developing the initial functions that help achieve the results. In the case of Grazioso's Animal Shelter, I had to first create a library of CRUD operations that query a database for information. Testing out the backend allows me to see if the database is properly queried. Then it comes to the front end, I have to look at the functionality of what the user wants to achieve, want to they want to see, do they want to be able to filter, should this information be editable? From there I develop each part like a stepping stone, testing as I go to insure the desired outcome and goals are being met. 
  
  What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer scientists are critical thinkers that learn how to solve problems by finding a solution for each problem creatively. They will develop programs that help satisfy a clients needs/wants by addressing what it is they are needing and how to get it there. In the case of Grazioso, my work on this type of project helped me become more creative in filtering huge databases of information for criteria set by the client. This can help make filtering huge databases for limitless combinations of animals and criteria each one needs to be displayed at the click of a button. 
